docs: fix typos and broken links (#564)
algorandfoundation/puya: docs/principles.md

Wyvern was the original internal code name for just such a compiler (now called Puya), one that will transform Python code into valid TEAL
smart contracts. In line with the principle of meeting developers where they are, and recognising the popularity of

> JavaScript and TypeScript, a parallel initiative to build a TypeScript to TEAL compiler is [also underway](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/puya-ts/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript and TypeScript, a parallel initiative to build a TypeScript to TEAL compiler is [available here](https://github.com/algorandfoundation/puya-ts/).
```

Author: It has been updated.
